welcome to my kitchen and we're gonna
make some chocolate cream cheese
frosting to go on that banana cake that
I have in the oven right now and then
we'll finish it all up at the end of the
banana cake just I wanted to do the
chocolate butter and chocolate chocolate
buttercream chocolate cream cheese
frosting separately so that in the
future if you want to refer to this for
any reason then you won't have to go
through the whole banana cake recipe to
do it so super simple and you bet you
have these things on him right now um
yes you see I have a brick of cream
cheese and a stick of butter that I have
softened and yes my fingerprints in
there because I want to make sure they
were soft enough and I have over here a
cup of mm-hmm melted semi-sweet
chocolate chips
I used mini chips and i melted them in
the microwave in my little cup here for
30 second bursts i melted it for 30
seconds and then i stir it in that he
melted for 30 seconds again and then I
stir it and then I took it out and I
stirred it continually because this cop
is gonna hold some heat plus the
chocolate chips you don't want to make
them go too long because they will seize
on you and that is no fun we're also
they use some powdered sugar and I
apologize I don't know we're gonna use
between 4 and 5 cups of powdered sugar
the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to put the cream cheese and
the butter over here in the mixture with
paddle and we're going to beat it
that looks really good to me and I'm
going to lower the bowl because I am
going to shrink plates with Rick and I'm
going to put my chocolate in here
then you know scrape it out the best you
can I'm pretty sure if you were like my
house you're not gonna find a problem
finding somebody to scrape that out all
the way just the best you can
now we're going to beat this innit
so now we're up to a couple in Hannah
one more knot
and don't worry about shifting it
because in this mixture all those bumps
are infinite anyway
tuning out cook
three cooks
meaning a tux
and now that we take it
I can't see in that so I have to wipe it
go to the poor alright let's take a look
at this oh that's that's nice
that perfect oh my that's delicious
mm-hmm okay now I'm just gonna take my
larger spatula I'm gonna scrape the bowl
really well and then I am going to set
this aside until it's time to frost our
cake we're going to wait for our cake to
be cold of course so I would say once
that comes out of the oven and let it
cool for about an hour and then this
will be ready to use so that is how you
make chocolate cream cheese frosting I
hope you try this and I hope you love it
and until next time I'll see ya